About Me 

Hi, my name is Christopher Garbarini, but I go by Chris or Garbs. I am from Bedford, a small town in Virginia. I am pursuing a business finance major and a leadership studies minor at Christopher Newport University. I am in my third year of college at Christopher Newport University, but I am technically a sophomore. I am taking Digital Humanities to fulfill one of my writing intensive classes for the Luter School of Business. I am really hoping to enjoy this class. I am on the Christopher Newport University men’s soccer team. 

Hobbies

I love to be outdoors, so you see why I love to play soccer. I have been playing soccer my entire life. Some of my favorite times playing soccer were not necessarily playing competitively. Playing around with my friends is always so much fun. I am also really into hiking. Hiking might not be the most glamorous hobby out there, but it gives me a sense of accomplishment whenever I finish a big hike, and the views you see from the mountain are insane. My longest hike that I have completed was a 110 mile trek in New Mexico. My brother, dad, best friend and I completed the hike in just 10 days. I am also very into skiing. I love to ski. My freshman year, my brother and I went out west to Park City, Utah over spring break. It was my first time skiing out west, and skiing on real powder. It was an amazing trip and hopefully I can go back again this year over spring break.

Family 

I come from an Italian family, as you can probably tell by my last name. My father's name is Mark and he is the president of Bedford Weaving, and my mom is Karen Garbarini. I have an older sister and a younger sister. I also have an older brother. My brother's name is Ben Garbarini, he played football for CNU’s football team for three years. He graduated from CNU last December and went to Iowa State for graduate school to finish his last year of football. Laura is the oldest sibling I have and she is currently attending medical school in Kentucky. Ashley is the baby of the family and she is currently in high school back in Bedford.   

Work

I have only had one job in my life. I work over the summers and during our winter break at Bedford Weaving, Incorporated. My job isn’t the best one they have; it may be one of the physically hardest the textile plant has, but the hours I get to work, and the days off make the hard work worthwhile.    

[me](https://chrisgarbarini.github.io/chris-garbarini/images/me.jpg
